docs: add example of patching a helm chart (#4840)
zarf-dev/zarf: examples/helm-charts/readme.md

This example shows the many ways you can deploy Helm Charts with Zarf. To learn more about how `charts` work in Zarf, see the [Helm Charts section](/ref/components/#helm-charts) of the package components documentation.

The `demo-patched-helm-chart` component shows how patches can be applied to a Helm chart. If possible, you should utilize Helm value overrides or consider upstreaming required modifications to Helm charts. But if these options are insufficient, you may need to make custom modifications to a Helm chart. Typically, you might fork the upstream Helm chart's git repository and periodically rebase or merge in new upstream changes.

> `demo-patched-helm-chart` demonstrates an alternative method using a [Zarf `onCreate` action](/ref/actions/), which performs a `git clone` of the upstream git repository and applies patch files with `git am`. This is conceptually equivalent to rebasing a set of changes onto the upstream repository, and is a useful technique to apply some minor changes to an upstream repository. If more complexity is required, or if you need to make changes to the patches frequently, maintaining a fork of the upstream repository may be more appropriate. To create patches, clone the upstream repository, commit your changes locally and use [`git format-patch`](https://git-scm.com/docs/git-format-patch) to generate patches.

Author: ```suggestion
To customize Helm charts you should utilize Helm value overrides or consider upstreaming any required modifications to Helm charts. But if these options are insufficient, you may need to make custom modifications to a Helm chart. Typically, you might fork the upstream Helm chart's git repository and periodically rebase or merge in new upstream changes.

The `demo-patched-helm-chart` component an alternative method using a [Zarf `onCreate` action](/ref/actions/), which performs a `git clone` of the upstream git repository and applies patch files with `git am`. This is conceptually equivalent to rebasing a set of changes onto the upstream repository, and is a useful technique to apply some minor changes to an upstream repository. If more complexity is required, or if you need to make changes to the patches frequently, maintaining a fork of the upstream repository may be more appropriate. To create patches, clone the upstream repository, commit your changes locally and use [`git format-patch`](https://git-scm.com/docs/git-format-patch) to generate patches.
```
